DARREN, you steal my necklace!
What do you mean?
It's mine, it was left to me by my parents.
You're just a servant of a black wind tribe.
How could you afford such an expensive necklace?
You must have stolen it.
Please give it back.
This is the only memory I have left of my parents.
Kristen, you're just an orphan without a wolf.
Still dreaming of finding your parents?
How ridiculous.
Oops, had Amelia again.
Justin, this wretched Kristen stole my necklace.
Oh, but Justin, it's not like that.
This necklace belongs to me.
All right, Amelia, stop bullying her.
It's just a necklace.
Give it back to her.
And remember to come to the office to see me later.
As if I'd give it back to you.
Your Majesty, what's wrong?
I just ascended the throne.
And already the elders are impatient for a new queen
to be in the lycan palace.
Your Majesty, you still don't have a partner.
It's normal for the elders to be anxious.
Why don't you go visit the Magia Alpha tribes and have a look?
Hey.
Maybe Lady Luck will step in and you'll find your partner.
Fine.
Arrange it.